docs(S3): add warning on lifecycle rule transition order MTA-3927 (#2440)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/lifecycle-rules-api.mdx

It is possible to configure a lifecycle of a group of objects so that their storage costs can be effectively managed. A lifecycle configuration is a set of rules that defines actions applied to a group of objects stored on Object Storage.

<Message type="important">
  Lifecycle rules only allow the following transitions:
  - Standard -> Onezone IA
  - Standard -> Glacier
  - Onezone IA -> Glacier
</Message>

Currently, the **expiration**, **transition** and **incomplete multipart uploads** actions are supported on the platform:

>   * **Expiration** defines when objects expire, to delete objects automatically on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Expiration** defines when objects expire. This allows for the automatic deletion of objects on your behalf.
```

>   * **Transition** defines when objects change their storage class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Transition** defines when objects change storage classes.
```
